0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?

A word of max length, in the comments of dictionary.h

1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?

Returns the resource usage of the calling process, children, or thread, including things like the ammount of CPU time used.

2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?

16

3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?

Copying its contents will slow the program down

4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.

The for loop reads a character from the current cursor position, makes sure that wasn't an end of file character, and then executes the loop's code. 
Once the code has been executed, it gets the next character again using fgetc.

The code inside of the loop creates a word from the characters one at a time, skipping letters and overly long words (which it takes what it can of).
Then it calls the dictionary check and time keeping functionality.

5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?

fscanf has some backed in assumptions about what a word will look like and how they will be spaced. 
By going character by character, we can stop short of max and handle special characters plus line breaks/spaces precisely as we like. 

6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?

Because the dictionary in particular might be massive, and c probably stores read-only data more concisely. Also it happens to be read only data so there's no reason to ever want to allow for changing of it.
